docs(answer-engine): enhance the Answer Engine doc (#4177)
TabbyML/tabby: website/docs/administration/answer-engine/index.mdx

### Source Code Repositories
The source code context is used to connect Tabby with a source code repository from Git, GitHub, GitLab, etc. Tabby fetches the data from the repository, and stores it in the index.

<img src={RepositorySelectUrl} alt="Query Repositories" />

When users select a repository and ask a question, the Answer Engine retrieves relevant code and documents from the index to provide contextually accurate responses.

<img src={RepositoryThinkingProcessUrl} alt="Query Repositories thinking process" />

### Developer Documentation
When developer documentation contexts are set, users can simply type `@` to select documents they wish to include. Alternatively, users can click the icons below the chat box to select contexts directly. Tabby will then include these documents when interacting with LLMs.

<img src={MentionDocumentationUrl} alt="Query Developer Documentation" />

When users select developer documentation and ask a question, the Answer Engine retrieves relevant documents from the index to provide contextually accurate responses.

<img src={DocThinkingProcessUrl} alt="Query Developer Documentation thinking process"  />

## Thread

> ### Thread Lifecycle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Thread Management
> When users ask a question in the Answer Engine on the homepage, a thread is created. Tabby offers management capabilities for those threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Thread

```

<img src={RepositorySelectUrl} alt="Query Repositories" />

When users select a repository and ask a question, the Answer Engine retrieves relevant code and documents from the index to provide contextually accurate responses.

<img src={RepositoryThinkingProcessUrl} alt="Query Repositories thinking process" />

### Developer Documentation
When developer documentation contexts are set, users can simply type `@` to select documents they wish to include. Alternatively, users can click the icons below the chat box to select contexts directly. Tabby will then include these documents when interacting with LLMs.

<img src={MentionDocumentationUrl} alt="Query Developer Documentation" />

When users select developer documentation and ask a question, the Answer Engine retrieves relevant documents from the index to provide contextually accurate responses.

<img src={DocThinkingProcessUrl} alt="Query Developer Documentation thinking process"  />

## Thread Management
When users ask a question in the Answer Engine on the homepage, a thread is created. Tabby offers management capabilities for those threads.

### Thread Lifecycle

> All threads created by a user appear in their `My Activities` tab. New threads are **ephemeral** by default and expire after one week. Only when the creator clicks the `Share Link` button does the thread:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All threads created by a user appear in their `My Activities` tab. By default, new threads are temporary and automatically deleted after a week. The thread becomes persisted only when the creator clicks the `Share Link button.`, and it'll become visible to all team members under `Recent Activities` tab.
```

> All threads created by a user appear in their `My Activities` tab. New threads are **ephemeral** by default and expire after one week. Only when the creator clicks the `Share Link` button does the thread:
> 1. Convert to persistent status
> 2. Become visible to all team members under `Recent Activities` tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All threads created by a user appear in their `My Activities` tab. By default, new threads are temporary and automatically deleted after a week. The thread becomes persisted only when the creator clicks the `Share Link button.`, and it'll become visible to all team members under `Recent Activities` tab.
```
